56 female fall. Patient has no prior surgical history. Hi, that's me. My name is Dr. Napier. I'm going to step past you. Let's see, grab some gloves. I've got my phone on to help us with dictation, if that's okay. Just for the chart. Tell me what's going on. I didn't see two steps, and I fell, and I went ten o'clock. Oh, okay. And landed on my knee, but it seemed like okay, and I went shopping, and I started developing a little pain, and I started needing to get in an emergency, and I tried to drive here, and it was really painful, and so halfway here we called the ambulance, and I'm really uncomfortable. Okay, so a couple of hours ago. Tell me more about this call. Ten o'clock. So I was looking for a physical therapy office for my husband, and it's kind of up in the hilly area in San Ramon by the Home Depot, and the office buildings are like backed into like a hillside, and the architect made it all pretty, but there were like little steps here and there and wherever, and I didn't, coming down, thinking it's straight, and didn't, looking for the number of the office, and didn't see two steps, and I went flying onto cement. When you went flying down, did you land directly on that knee? I guess so. Was it like a twist or? I'm not sure. I know this seems kind of quick. No, no, no. I think I did, but my ankle's swollen too, so I don't know. Oh, okay. Both on the same leg? Left ankle, and then, is it the knee itself or above the knee? It's above the knee. I mean, there's a lot of swelling, and it feels like almost burning. Any surgeries before on this leg? No. No injuries in the past to the knee? No. ACL issues? No. Nothing like that. It just really hurts, and I do want some medication for the pain, but please, I don't want anything addictive, so let's keep it a low ball. I don't want anything, you know. Going to send you over the moon? Yeah. I don't want to have that as a complication. All right. You're good. Okay, so the ankle here, is it on the inside or the outside of the ankle that's hurting you? Well, the ankle doesn't hurt. It's just swollen. No pain? Yeah, but this whole area. So this, gotcha. So this, but where I'm touching here, no pain? No. And the movement around the ankle joint, no pain there? Well, it hurts because it hurts up here. Yeah. I just want to make sure, right, just with this ankle, that we're not missing, because I know those things happen quick, and what's driving what, what's hurting what. Now this, does this, or how much stretch we got on this? I think we got to cut this guy. All right, okay. So we got some bruising beneath, oh, yeah. Oh. That took a smack. Oh, God. Sorry. It's really swollen. Yeah. So this is a large bruising on the inside of the left knee. It's about, I don't know, 8 by 8 centimeters. The overlying laceration, 5 centimeters in size. Were you able to walk after you fell? Yeah. Or did you, okay. I walked through Costco. It was like half an hour. Oh, wow. How was that? Well, as I was finishing shopping, it started to get very painful, and then I got in the car, and I called my daughter, and I said, I think I got to go into emergency. The reason I'm asking that, too, is that I'm trying to figure out here, it could be a combination of things with this fall, but was it that impact, and then we're getting that swelling pain, did that impact result in like a ligamentous injury where something got torn, right, and it's connecting that upper part of the leg to the lower? Right now, it's like raising. Yeah, but you can feel that contusion. It's like all the way up here. You can track it. You can feel it in your hand. Are you on a blood thinner? Do you take a blood thinning medication, any aspirin? Occasionally I take aspirin, but no, I'm on a blood pressure medication. Okay, yes, but no blood thinners, though, right? None that I know of. This feels okay? No pain through here? No. Nothing else is hurting you? Just that leg? Just that. It's never going to injure there. I'm going to take a look at a couple of things here, all right? We're going to get an x-ray up top, all right, the femur. We're going to take a look at that knee joint as well, all right? When was your last tetanus shot? 6 years ago. Okay Let's get, of course, some pain medications to get you squared away. Let's figure out what's going on here, all right? See if we can get you feeling better. Yeah. All right.
